Okay, now we're going to talk about numbering
your files or pictures in the Canon 40D. The
first thing you need to do is make sure your
camera is turned on and active and then press
the menu button. You'll end up here on the
LCD in your menu options and what we can do
is go ahead select the first wrench settings
menu there and scroll down to file numbering.
In the file numbering menu there are three
different options. The first option, the continuous
option will number your files from one to
nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine
continuously no matter if you're inserting
a new memory card or not. All of those pictures
are going to be numbered that way and will
be easy to organize on your personal computer.
The auto reset file numbering method, automatically
resets the count to number one whenever you
insert a new memory card. So let's say you've
shot three hundred photos, you swap out a
card, put a new one in, the first photo is
going to be numbered one and the last one
will be the last number that you shot there.
The final option here is the manual reset
option and that option basically, whenever
you select this option, the next picture that
you shoot will start with one and what you
can do is shoot say thirty photos, maybe some
at a location and then you drive to another
location and you want to start a new folder,
starting at one. What you do is select this
manual reset option again and that will create
a new folder with all of the photos that you're
shooting at that location. So when you get
back home, you'll have two folders or three
folders that contain all of the photos at
those separate locations. It's a good way
to organize your photos on location. So those
are the three options. I'm going to go ahead
and select continuous file numbering method
here, and that is selected and then I'm going
to go ahead and press menu, and now I'm ready
to shoot.